$5,000, $5,500, $6,000, $6,000, $6,500, $7,000, $7,500, $8,000, $8,000, $8,000.
We've lost $265.
At 3,000 oz, at 3,000 oz, and with the lady, 3,000 or two.
Lot 266.
I have $4,000 now.
I spent $4,000 at $4,000.
That is here at $4,000.
$4,500.
$4,800.
$5,000.
$5,500.
$6,000.
$6,500.
$7,000.
At $7,000, it's still with me at $7,000.
$7,500.
$8,000 against you.
$8,500 in the room now.
At $8,500 in the center.
At $8,500 anymore.
$8,500 will last $8,500.
503.
Lot 267.
I have 2,900 bid-offs now.
2,900 is bid at $2,900.
At 2,900, the next bid's $3,000, actually $3,000.
On the island, $3,000.
At $3,000, at $3,000, at $3,000, at $3,000.
It'll be $2,000 now.
It'll be $500.
$3,500 in front.
$3,500 at $3,500.
At $3,500.
$3,800, yes, I've seen it.
$3,800 at the very back.
$4,000.
$4,200.
$4,200 at the back of the room.
At $4,200.
$4,500.
$4,800.
$5,000.
And $5,000 on my left at $5,000 then.
And $5,000 all done.
$5,000.
We would find four, three, three.
Big Washington, I don't estimate it to $90,000 to $100,000.
Washington's first efforts present for that.
$268,000.
$50,000 for this, please.
$50,000.
$55,000.
$60,000.
$65,000.
$75,000.
$80,000.
$85,000.
$90,000.
At the back of the road now, $90,000.
Seated at the back of the road, $90,000.
$90,000.
Lot 269.
uh six thousand dollars for this six thousand six five hundred seven thousand thirty five hundred seventy five hundred dollars then at seventy five hundred dollars eight thousand eighty five hundred nine thousand ninety five hundred ten thousand dollars ten thousand dollars ten thousand dollars eleven thousand now twelve thousand thirteen thousand fourteen thousand fifteen thousand sixteen thousand seventeen thousand eighteen thousand nineteen thousand
$19,000.
All done.
$270.
I have three things on this and I must say $7,000.
$7,000.
With me at $7,7500.
At $85,000 now in the room, at $85,000, $9,000 against me.
At $9,000, see, look at the back, at $9,000.
At $9,000, then.
At $95,000.
At $9,500, on my right at $9,900, it's not going to be fair.
$10,000 now, for the government.
At $10,000, the government is not going to be fair.
At $10,000, the government is going to be fair.
What number does that mean?
1716.
Thank you.
Lot 271.
I have to attend three visits on this line, $3,600.
The minutes will be at $6,600 at $6,000.
I'll still learn again, $6,500 in time.
$6,500 across the back row, $6,500 to be walked up at $6,500.
Block 272, I have $2,000.
$2,000 is it?
That's $2,000.
$2,000.
$2,500.
$2,800.
$3,000.
$3,200.
$3,500.
$2,800.
$4,000.
$4,200.
$4,500.
$4,800.
$5,000.
$5,500.
And five, now the five of the dot.
Two, one, four, four.
Lot 273.
In other words, $600 for it, $650, $750, $850, $850, $850, $850, $850, $950, $1,000, $1,000, $1,000, $1,300, $1,400, $1,500.
1,600, 1,700, 1,700, on the very back is 1,700 at 1,700 on the back row, at 1,700 on the wall, 1,700 at 1,251.
And lots of 244, the first of two lots about the garage is of 274, sorry.
First of two lots about the garage in the building, number two.
Um, it's not too, not too 74.
I never noticed he missed $7,000 on these at $7,000.
It is here at $7,000.
It might look at $7,000 then.
$7,000 is nothing.
$7,000 anymore.
$7,000.
$7,500.
$8,000.
$8,000 just against you.
$8,500.
$9,000.
$9,000 against you.
$9,500.
$10,000.
Mr. Leonor Gaylock.
I have a letter to read about this.
We are informed of the existence of another apparently authentic version of the Enola Gay Log, August 6, 1945, in private overview.
The owner of that copy informs us that it is earmarked for donation to American institutions.
The numerical portion of the log being offered to say that Christie is in an unidentified hand
Therefore, Christians cannot determine authoritatively that this log was maintained during the mission.
We want that the Lewis log offered here is an authentic record, and that the cover sheets, page headings, some annotations, and the signed attestation at the end are in the handwriting of the late Captain Robert A. Lewis, the co-pilot of the Enola Gay on August 6, 1945.
We believe that the Lewis law was made contemporaneously with the mission.
$40,000 for this week.
$40,000.
$45,000, $50,000, $55,000.
We still left $55,000, $55,000.
I want my Japanese down.
$55,000 for the last time, $55,000.
$55,000 passed.
I'm brought in.
and what uh um
$3,000.
$2,500.
$4,200.
$4,500.
The owner of the other one called a $5,500 at $6,000.
Only $6,000.
At $6,000.
There will be a delay in the process of maintenance.
I guess 15 years of electing.
40 minutes of auction.
Yeah, but you can see kind of the more routine kind of stuff.
The one here is right.
If you look at it, you're in the army.
You're looking over to what the manuscript is, and this guy calls, and everything got panicked, and the mistake made was telling Rita Wright, hey, there's another one out there.
So what happened?
Yeah, okay, yeah.
The next time around, I just... Okay.
How did you make it out of here today?
Quote a lot for a lot.
He believes that it's a genuine document.
We had a higher bid on it, but we weren't going to get it until we saw more agony.
This is Keller, a senior doctor.
We would have been higher on it.
When did we... I can't answer that.
It was early in the week.
It's in the New York Times.
Have you read the New York Times?
Well, if you have a look, it's in the New York Times.
In my opinion, if there was maybe another, and another, and another, we would have a marketer, right?
What happens to the log now?
No idea.
So it goes back to the owner or to the consignee, I guess?
I don't know.
Are you surprised by the response to it or anything of what Rita did this morning was kind of a kiss of death to the... No, I don't think Rita Reif's article had anything to do with it at all.
I think that the existence of a second of another authentic version of the law, possibly authentic, we haven't examined it completely, we've seen photocopies of it, is...
It undeniably made what was said in the catalogue not as described.
So that would introduce some anxiety, perhaps, among prospective buyers.
I mean, it was brought in.
It was expected to be a contested item.
Apparently it wasn't.
Do you ever have a feel for why that was?
Well, because of the sale notice.
Well, that's basically what I'm saying.
Well, that's what you're saying.
Thank you.
Did you do well?
Almost did well, yeah.
I mean, the autograph market's very strong.
The autograph market's very strong.
Who's the kind of writing for it?
I don't know.
You have to ask him.
He's still writing.
He's a book.
There was no interest in the end bank at all.
You know, we're batting 50-50.
We turned down Amtrak, and we turned down the leaf and left.
But the pen was phoned from $50,000.
Do you have to get your pen?
No, I don't know.
I don't know.
You want a pen?
I'll get you a pen.
Well, they don't want that.
Why should they pay for a stupid pen?
No, we would pay $50,000 for that.
Well, some of the sugar news.
The world are full of the sugar news.
Who was the gal with the ponytail that was bidding heavily in front of you on the right?
I thought she was corpse, and then she left.
No, no, no.
Excuse me to do that.
What you've really got here
What is Caller?
Caller has a lot of... Is he a private collector?
Callers are ex-stamp dealers in the stamp market.
To put, Nick, they're in this field, and the stamp guys and real estate guys are following them into this.
The autograph marks, it remains quite strong, but in large parts, you go somewhere like Keller comes into it.
Yeah, well, before we get the guy, we're too far below.
How did he do today?
We spent about, we must have spent $125,000.
Yeah, but you were very conservative.
No, on a lot of things.
i was watching some things are yeah i mean we have our friends he doesn't like cholera he may not stop yeah but does he ever set him on how much he was going to spend oh yeah yeah we have no in total or in our individual letters about that it's like i mean i was getting things what well let's get conservative i had bids on items i was getting for 4 000 i had a bit of 30 pounds
How do you tell for all this press interest?
Do you think it was the Enola game?
Only the Enola game.
Nothing else.
I mean, because I've been coming to these things for a year and a half.
This is a big thing.
It was an idea, I think it was, you can ask for approval.
You know, you might want to...
But there was a lot of interest in Japan, but it didn't materialize in anything.
Is the girl from Forbes still here?
No, she left.
They didn't do anything on that.
They were busy here today, though.
They were busy, but they didn't go on this.
Maybe not in Forbes if you were alive.
Who were the players, did you notice, on the Enola Gate?
No players.
There's no players.
There's no action.
You know, there was a reserve on the piece, and the auctioneer took it up a bit, and saw that it was hopeless, and the phones didn't ring, and the cameras were rolling, and you...
So we got into the business, yeah.
How long have you been in the book business, the autograph business?
Autograph business for about 10 years.
But you've really become... Seth and Robin have just branched out in it professionally, you know, two years.
And they're the ones with the clients in autographs.
Who is?
My son was being interviewed by the Japanese television.
That's my daughter, Robin.
And they've been in it since they were bar mitzvahed.
They've been in it since half their life.
Now, are you buying for stock today or for clients?
We buy for clients.
I buy a few items for myself.
The items I buy under the 311.
Mm-hmm.
how to refer our own family collections, because we're collectors.
When I first started, I wasn't in the business.
I was in another business, and I had sold it to a public company.
I had money burning a hole in my pocket, and my Merrill Lynch broker was anxious to get his hands on it, and he got a piece of it, which I subsequently lost.
And there was an upside-down airmail stamp coming up at an auction the week after I had this money in my pocket.
So I went to that auction, I stuck my hand up, and I didn't let it down.
That was a boyhood dream.
So there's the collector.
I'm really not doing stamps.
Could you tell me who the collector was?
Were you buying for one collector today or a number of collectors?
Several collectors.
Anonymous collectors?
Oh, one is very famous.
He's still anonymous, but he's famous.
Would you think he'd like to be interviewed for a book that's going to be published in 1992?
No, maybe.
Maybe, but right now, no, because we're still buying.
See, when you're buying, you don't tip too much of a hand because you're still buying.
But we... So this person... We represent some very...
sophisticated.
So this is the individual basically you've been buying for noticeably in the last couple of months.
Several.
We have two Lincoln collectors.
Two.
How do you balance that?
How do you bid for two?
I guess you have to... Because it happens that in the particular case of Lincoln collections, the two gentlemen know each other and
And if otherwise, we don't.
We can't bid against ourselves, or we can't bid one collector against another.
We can't do it.
We can't take on competitive jobs.
It's a big jury back in Tokyo, I guess.
Were you interested in the log?
Yeah, we had a bid.
We had a higher bid.
How come you didn't?
Because we smelled that it would pass.
We don't like bidding against water coolers.
We have experience in that.
Sometimes you can just feel things.
You can't always be right.
Well, you think it's right?
You think it's a real thing?
Yes.
So why didn't you buy it?
Because it wouldn't have, what did it knock down at?
65.
It wouldn't have knocked down at 60 if I shut my hand up.
So we know better.
Otherwise, I would have bought it at 125.
if I had competitive bidding.
I don't understand.
So you have to learn a little more about your bid?
Why would you go to 65?
I don't see the strategy.
Because you have to understand more about the back.
No, but it was reserved.
It passed.
PASS means you don't know what I'm buying or the seller.
The seller had a higher reserve.
And you don't know what that was?
You were just guessing?
That I don't know, but we smelled that perhaps the seller needs a moment of truth.
And on the other hand, there wasn't enough information out on it until just this week.
We would have been a buyer.
We had a bid.
Right, very interesting.
So it gets a little intricate.
I'll give you a call.
Anytime.
Does Romulus have to give you a card?
I'd like the card.